# `breve.io`

In today's digital age, even one-sided communication can have unintended consequences. Inappropriate wording or messages sent in the heat of the moment can cause emotional distress. Breve addresses this concern by offering a platform where users can express themselves freely, but with the added assurance that their impulsive or offensive messages are never transmitted.

Here's where Breve's magic happens: a built-in AI language model analyzes outgoing messages for potential toxicity or the presence of sensitive information. This analysis occurs entirely within the application, ensuring that your privacy remains completely protected.

Imagine the possibilities: a platform that fosters open communication while safeguarding users from emotional harm and privacy breaches. Breve leverages the power of decentralization to achieve this balance, offering a win-win situation for everyone involved.

ICP stands for internet computer protocol, its a layer 1 blockchain, which provides more features than the traditional blockchain. Also the current blockchain stack is quite tough to understand. Abstraction of smart contracts , back end and database all into a superfast , large network helps any block chain developer to devlop using motoko and icp. 

Project details: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1a-OEWD11-oWj1zq4LDaIcG5OF0tb6WOXdnD-q3t4BB0/edit?usp=sharing

To get started, you might want to explore the project directory structure and the default configuration file. Working with this project in your development environment will not affect any production deployment or identity tokens.

To learn more before you start working with `breve.io`, see the following documentation available online:

- [Quick Start](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/deploy-locally)
- [SDK Developer Tools](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/install)
- [Motoko Programming Language Guide](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/motoko)
- [Motoko Language Quick Reference](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/language-manual)

If you want to start working on your project right away, you might want to try the following commands(open each dfx commands in different terminal windows):

```bash
cd chatapp/
dfx start
dfx deploy
cd src/chatapp_frontend
npm start
```

## Running the project locally

If you want to test your project locally, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Starts the replica, running in the background
dfx start --background

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
dfx deploy
```

Once the job completes, your application will be available at `http://localhost:4943?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

If you have made changes to your backend canister, you can generate a new candid interface with

```bash
npm run generate
```

at any time. This is recommended before starting the frontend development server, and will be run automatically any time you run `dfx deploy`.

If you are making frontend changes, you can start a development server with

```bash
npm start
```

Which will start a server at `http://localhost:8080`, proxying API requests to the replica at port 4943.

### Note on frontend environment variables

If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

- set`DFX_NETWORK` to `ic` if you are using Webpack
- use your own preferred method to replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` in the autogenerated declarations
  - Setting `canisters -> {asset_canister_id} -> declarations -> env_override to a string` in `dfx.json` will replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` with the string in the autogenerated declarations
- Write your own `createActor` constructor
